11:36?

+collection: Capitol, London

Haircut
  Ebony
    West S
    Disney
      Store
        Free passes
      Beauty & the Beast
        favorite 
        Monday
    Similar log flume experiences
    Virginia
      Military ex -> NC
      Parents in VA
      Williamsburg and Jamestown     

Mon Amie
  The most amazing sandwhich I think I've ever had
    Chicken curry salad
      Croissant perfection
      Cranberries? Dates? Delicious
    Molasses cookie
    
  Something that sounded like "Aysley"
  Red toy truck "fell" right in front of me. 
    I first heard a clanging sound
    Then, right in front of me, I see the truck bouncing and spinning in all directions for a few moments before coming to rest
    Didn't seem like it could have been caused by anything around me, either kinetic energy or potential.
      no one nearby who could have kicked it
      no high place nearby that it could have fallen from
      the only activity was a 
    Best guess is it was already on the floor and someone kicked it, 
      but I don't remember anyone being in the vacinity nor did anyone else take notice
  Go Back for the Tiaramisu
  
Ladro
  "Chance" (two apparent regulars and an employee) encounter with 3 of 4 people from prior game night
    Invited to play another game because of last night
      Flashes of JP

synchronicities
  After my haircut I ended up in a nearby french cafe, 
    with french music, 
    having a croissant sandwhich, 
    while trying to read Jung.
    Suddenly flashes of Beauty and the Beast.
    The disney movie conversation from earlier flashes back.
  Patterson, 
    a lesser-known youtuber/blogger I encountered a while back and who left some lasting impression on me,
    is interviewing NJW    
  I bought a molasses cookie 
    (not because I wanted to, 
    but because I was put on the spot to choose between a cookie for an extra dollar, 
    or chips.),
    which reminds me of the gingerbread cakes from colonial williamsburg
    Yet another flash back to the conversation with Ebony
    Didn't occur to me until I was watching the interview above while eating the leftovers of the cookie
    Maybe because I was already thinking France.
  
Okay those other synchronicities were like little babies, my dudes. Watch this:

After debating for a long time about whether or not it would be okay to let myself order a pizza for dinner
  (Considering I had --- to be continued, need to switch tracks)
